"Love is All"
"Episode 11"
"Entrance to gold mine,
jealousy of Tang Tian Yuan"
We have both the evidence
and the witnesses.
He is trying to cut off our lead.
Before Sang Jie handed in the report,
someone had already taken
all the evidences.
So this is why you hide
everything in here.
Zong Ying Lin sent his men
to steal from us.
That means he doesn't know
if there were any evidences left.
Which also proves he doesn't know
where the gold is.
I will order Da Wang and Xiao Liu
to go on patrol.
Check the perimeter more often.
They can handle thugs
and hooligans fairly easily.
But if our enemy comes prepared,
they might lost their lives
in the fight.
We should prioritize
the safety of our people, darling.
What did you say?
What did I say?
You just said "darling" at the end.
No, I didn't.
Yes, you did! You couldn't help it.
This is the first sign
of falling in love.
Sir!
Sir.
Since our first two love experiments
resulted in huge success,
I think we are ready to start
the third experiment.
What experiments? Don't be absurd.
I don't remember doing
any love experiment.
It's all inside the novels.
Love will make someone
get carried away.
It's like walking on a cloud.
Yes, every time
I am seeing Miss Ru Yi,
I felt like I am walking in the air.
-Really?
-Really!
It's only because you know parkour.
This has no scientific proof.
Everyone is different.
You can't generalize...
everyone's love life
into one principle.
But all the love poetry has been
writing about it for centuries.
This is how falling in love should be.
Everyone does it, but not me.
But can't you do it for me?
For you?
I am done with you.
But she was right.
Don't be so full of yourself.
Don't be ridiculous.
Miss Ru Yi.
Boss.
What happened?
My business is ruined.
My bride is in love with another man.
Boss, I am sorry.
It was my fault.
Humans are not invincible.
Everyone gets sick sometimes.
You may take my salary this month...
as the compensation for your damage.
Don't worry about it.
I am not short on money anyway.
Miss Ru Yi.
May I ask you a question?
What is it?
Do girls not have any sentiment
for their past love?
Me and my bride met first.
We grew up together.
Even in relationship,
first come first served.
Am I right?
We can't be certain
when it comes to love.
There is no reasoning.
As long as you do your best,
as long as you won't regret it.
You are right.
I must do my best.
My bride must have been
beguiled by Tang Fei Long.
She will regret not picking me
as her lover.
Regret all she wants.
But shouldn't I remind her
of the option available?
Miss Ru Yi.
Will you do me a favour?
You have an good eye for this.
Help me pick a present for my bride.
I want Tang Fei Long to see...
I can afford a gift
beyond his imagination.
Gold and jade together.
It looks very high-end, right?
I hand-picked it.
This looks too out of fashion.
This one.
A hairpin made with ruby.
It's one of the only two
in this world.
The Empress has the other one.
And now I have this.
This is the reward...
my father got when he helped
searching for Her Majesty's brother.
So has Her Majesty found her brother?
No. It wasn't so easy.
It's been over ten years.
It was said that Her Majesty was
travelling with her brother.
The young boy went missing
when she wasn't paying attention.
Her Majesty's heart was broken.
The Emperor felt sorry for her,
so troops of soldiers were deployed
to search for the boy.
The boy would have been found
either dead or alive.
If they couldn't find him,
he is either dead...
or someone is keeping him hidden.
Who cares?
It's not like he was my brother.
Speaking of brother,
my bride does have a younger brother.
I should prepare a present
for him as well.
I need him to put up
a good word for me.
Preceptor Tan has a brother as well?
Yes, she has a brother.
But they are not related by blood.
Yet they are as close as
a real family can get.
Think about it. My bride...
ran away from our engagement...
but she insisted on
bringing him along.
Here. You should give her this.
But...
But Miss Ru Yi,
this present looks too petty.
Preceptor Tan is different.
She doesn't like make-up.
The more simple it is,
the better it suits her.
Lady, I don't sell wine here.
Please don't make it hard for me.
You have distiller grains in there.
Give me two taels of it.
But they are not wine.
Preceptor Tan.
Miss Ru Yi.
Why are you here?
I am here for some fresh air.
Shouldn't you be at home right now?
Why do you wish to have wine?
Did you have a fight with your lover?
-Of course not!
-All right.
I am terribly sorry.
You should get some rest.
One is stiff-minded
and one is stubborn.
Even the deity of love would have
a hard time making you two a couple.
Are you really my brother?
No. From now on,
I will be Preceptor Tan's sister.
We were just acting.
Don't be so serious.
I don't know about you,
but she is serious about it.
How so?
If she was just putting up an act,
she could have ask for my help.
Yes, I am not as striking
as the handsome Tang Tian Yuan.
But one could easily get
exposed for bad acting.
She could have get herself...
a close friend that would
follow her plan.
Why didn't she?
Because she couldn't help it.
You are the first person
that comes to her mind.
Little Dragon, don't you get it?
My goodness.
What is that thing?
Today,
I noticed the eye bags
under Ru Yi's eyes.
I bet she hasn't been
sleeping well lately.
So I am making her a pouch.
With some sandalwood
and Benjamin wood inside,
it will improve quality of sleep.
Why did you become such a sissy?
Only girls make these for the men.
A man must be capable of
great success...
and also learn to sew.
A man should do anything for his girl.
Unlike you who are a liar.
You will only push her further
away from you.
This thing,
is it easy to learn?
Come.
Tang Fei Long's wine cellar.
It's right here.
I don't think this is a good idea.
Don't worry, I live here.
But why did we come in
from the back door?
Well, it's not like we are
doing something decent.
Forget it. We'll finish all his wine.
You are my good friend,
we should drink together.
He could bury it however he wants
and I will still find it.
This is the Spring of Jade wine.
You would need dew from the morning...
and the spring water
deep within the mountain.
And then the wine must be buried under
the peach tree for three months.
Is that so?
I don't care.
What are you adding?
This is the bitter gourd juice I made.
Even a single drop is bitter
to the bone.
Tang Fei Long broke my heart,
I want some payback.
Let me take a look.
I should put more of this in it.
It's not bitter.
Are you serious?
That means you are
used to bitterness in life.
Miss Ru Yi, what's the matter?
Tell me, I can protect you.
What if...
I mean what if...
you set some rules with each other,
while you don't follow all the rules,
the other breaks the rules,
then he wants you to
do something you hate,
what would you do?
Someone bullied you?
Who would bullied you?
Are they the thugs from
Miao Sheng Parlour?
-I should arrest them!
-No.
It has nothing to do with them.
Who was it then?
Zheng Shao Feng! That jerk!
No.
So...
Forget it.
I shouldn't have asked.
Take it as we never
had this conversation.
Are you sure you are all right?
I am fine.
Sit.
But I think...
rules are meant to be broken.
People say a girl
can't be a Preceptor.
They look down on dancers.
Yet we are doing just fine in life.
I think that as long as
my conscience is clear,
that I don't let my loved ones down,
it should be enough.
I understand, thank you.
Let me know if you needed help.
I will protect you.
Let me help you.
Stir this wine and
make it taste awful.
Hold on, there is something
on your hair.
It's all right.
I got rid of it.
Thank you.
Commissioner Zheng!
Let's have some wine.
You should have invited me sooner.
Are we even friends now?
Listen, I was just...
Where did she go?
Sir.
Servants from the Sun family reported
that bandits took their foods.
When did that happen?
Two nights ago.
Two nights ago?
I was confused as well.
I confirmed with them,
it really was two nights ago.
Very well. Dismiss.
What's wrong?
It took them two days
to report a robbery.
What is going on here?
It's simple.
The things that were robbed...
include both food supply and gold.
They are trying to bury
the evidence of hiding gold.
With us getting rid of the bandits,
they will get to retrieve the gold.
They don't seem to be anxious.
Take our time with it.
We can deal with this later.
But you need to be more cautious.
Keep an eye on the Sun family.
Sure, I will.
Where are you going?
To continue my acting.
Preceptor Tan.
Our agreement doesn't forbid me
from taking my revenge.
I am sorry.
Yesterday,
I was out of line.
What are you up to today? Master Tang?
I only came up with that idea
to keep cover safe.
That wasn't entirely a bright idea,
but I meant well.
If apologies is any good,
the District Bureau would perish.
-I have to go now.
-Listen,
the Nu Er Hong they brew is...
-Heavenly!
-What?
-Really?
-I need to try that out sometimes.
We'll talk somewhere more private.
Where are you taking me?
Get mad at me if you want,
apologize if that is your plan.
Who do you think I am?
What can I do to make it up for you?
You are the Magistrate,
I wouldn't dare to oppose you.
You really are petty.
Not only that, I am also a fool.
A fool who was silly enough
to have asked you for help.
Forget it.
You could have gone
to Zheng Shao Feng,
Da Wang or Xiao Liu.
Why did you choose me?
You couldn't help it so you chose me.
Nonsense.
It was an emergency,
it was a slip of a tongue.
Was it though?
I bet you were trying to
make me yours.
I am done with you.
Where did you get that?
Zhu Da Cong.
You can't just accept his gift.
Why can't I accept his gift?
After all, he is obsessed with me.
This bracelet is worth
at least 100 taels of silver.
I might as well take it.
You made the agreement yourself.
If the others found out
you accepted his gift,
we would be in trouble.
You shouldn't wear it.
Why? Because you said so?
Just like why I am not allowed
in investigation?
We are putting up an act,
don't get too immersed in it.
Are you all right?
A skull!
My goodness.
He is dead.
There are others.
There are so many corpses!
Help! Save us!
Stop shouting. Don't step on them.
Stay behind me.
Preceptor.
There is a gold nugget.
A gold nugget?
It really is.
That's enough to calm you down?
Money can make anything possible.
Gold gives me the courage.
I think we might have accidentally...
found the entrance to
Sang Jie's gold mine.
That means we are going to be rich.
There must be plenty of gold in here.
You are unbelievable.
Can't you see?
The whole mine has been emptied.
These dead people are loose ends
killed by Sang Jie himself.
Master Zhang, here you are again.
Come in.
Commissioner Zheng.
-Miss Ru Yi.
-Why don't you come inside?
I made this pouch for you.
This is a lovely bird.
That is mandarin duck.
I put some Benjamin wood in there.
Hang it by your bed and it should
improve your sleep quality.
I knew I lost the needle somewhere.
Let me take you to a doctor.
I am fine.
Let me do it.
It's all right.
My apology.
However,
you have my thanks for this gift.
You are welcome.
Don't you need to work today?
No, let's go shopping.
Commissioner Zheng!
Speaking of the devil.
Where have you been?
What's the matter?
Master Tang and Preceptor Tan
left this morning.
They haven't come back yet.
I am worried they might be in trouble.
You are bossy like an old lady.
They are madly in love.
No. Master Tang ordered us...
to prepare a surprise
for Preceptor Tan.
But they haven't come back yet.
A surprise?
Master Tang has always been
so attentive to Preceptor Tan.
Something is off.
Commissioner Zheng, work is priority.
You should go.
Very well, Miss Ru Yi.
I visit you some other day.
Let's go.
Use this.
This is pretty. Can I have this?
You are not completely heartless.
You said it,
my acting should include
the full package.
Since Zhu Da Cong sent you a gift,
I should give you a present as well.
Otherwise I would seem petty.
You are so thoughtful.
So...
do you forgive me?
You can put it that way.
A signal flare?
Why didn't you use it earlier?
I wanted to spend more time with you.
Preceptor.
Sir.
Hurry up.
Come on.
-Are you all right?
-Sir.
What took you so long?
Where is my bracelet?
My one hundred taels are gone.
-Go down there if you want.
-No.
Go and get it.
Forget it, just leave it.
If you wanted to have a date,
you shouldn't have come
to this remote place.
You two are troublemakers.
Commissioner Zheng, there are a dozen
of bodies down there.
I need you to carry them out
of there for me.
Let's go.
But...
Preceptor Tan!
Little Dragon!
You are such an ingrate!
I should have left you there!
Sir, are those dead people really
the gold miners?
Could the gold be in that cave?
If the gold could be so easily found,
Zong Ying Lin would have found it.
You do have a point.
I pity those gold miners.
Rabbit lanterns!
You made them?
Don't take this wrongly.
I made these...
just for show for the people
on this workplace.
I get it.
The full package.
What is this?
This is a nice little thing.
Come, sit.
Okay.
Isn't that from the novel I wrote?
Yes.
I read through your
whole book yesterday.
I find that...
the stories are not entirely useless.
Of course.
I even have plans
for the second volume.
I will use Sang Jie's gold mine
as the main storyline.
I'll expose the corruption
within our ranks.
And also that Zong Ying Lin.
What's wrong?
It's a beautiful night,
let's not talk about work.
Are you out of your mind?
Don't you remember our agreement?
All this time,
I've been hiding a secret from you.
You are married?
My secret is...
the first time I met you that day...
is the moment...
I fell in love with you.
I scammed you for 100 taels of silver.
I like the way you lied to me.
You are not making any sense.
You are giving me goosebumps.
Then I will say no more.
Tang Fei Long, I am warning you.
You are violating the rules.
Someone is eavesdropping on us.
Seriously?
What not?
Make them disgusted.
You...
You are trying to
take advantage of me.
Is there any better solution?
Fine, come on.
Why are you hiding in the bush?
Come out.
-Sir.
-Preceptor.
Sir.
It's servant from the Sun family.
I know, bandits robbed them
of their food supply.
They've come here so many times.
I know it.
-No.
-It's not that.
It's not about the food.
Supernumerary Sun is dead.
Supernumerary Sun is dead?
"As long as you like it"
Brothers, I need all the manpower
to search for his body!
-Move out!
-Yes!
Xiao Liu, hurry up.
Preceptor, the body is not here.
Keep searching.
What was that for, Old Tang?
What are you doing here?
I...
I am not slacking off.
I am working on the case.
A case?
Do fish in this river tastes better...
or is our fish more delicious?
Preceptor Tan feeds the fish too much
now they are all bloated.
The meat is hard and dry.
But the fish from this river...
is so lively and energetic.
I bet they are delicious.
I knew you ate my pet fish!
What was that for? It hurts.
I did manage to catch something.
Over there.
So?
The servants from
Sun family told us...
Supernumerary Sun jumped
into the river.
The old man fish here every day.
He should have seen that.
But we've been searching
for 24 hours.
There is no way the fish could ...
eat the body clean so quickly.
He lost his gold,
but the report says
it's the food supply.
And he waited before
he filed a report.
He must have panicked.
A coward like that man...
would never take his own life.
Who do you think kill that man?
I suspect it's the doing
of our old friend.
Unless we find the man,
the words about the gold mine
could go out.
What happened between you two?
Why is she ignoring you?
I kissed her.
You kissed her?
Where did you kiss?
The head.
Where specifically?
Tang Fei Long, oh Tang Fei Long.
-Tang Fei Long oh.
-Sister.
Why are you in the kitchen?
You might burn the whole place down.
I learned a few new recipes
from the cookbook.
I am making something delicious
for Master Tang.
Is this part of the acting?
You can put it that way.
He caught a cold at
the riverside just now.
So I am making him some tonic.
But he didn't do that for you.
Your acting with Master Tang
is getting to another level.
Don't be silly.
He forged a signature for me
just to help me out.
He dealt with Zhu Da Cong for me.
I need to thank him.
Have you found Supernumerary's body?
We've been searching
the whole day and found nothing.
Where is Zheng Shao Feng?
He is interrogating the servants
from Sun family.
Sir.
You asked for us?
I still need to collect taxes
from the southern area.
-He is right.
-People dislike us for that.
Save it for another day.
Preceptor Tan is going to
treat you to a nice meal.
She knows how to cook?
I get it now.
After you started
dating Preceptor Tan,
she has become a housewife!
She even learned how to cook.
Sir, when you get married,
be sure to hold a reception...
right here in Tongling.
Invite all the people in town
to the reception.
Sir, what's wrong?
What about my relatives
back in the Capital?
We've been living here
for quite some time.
We should show some gratitude.
You are right.
After living here for half a month,
we've saved quite some money.
Right?
But the workroom has been rebuilt.
We may go back anytime.
Perhaps we should go home tomorrow.
This is a little sudden.
The paint would still be giving
out a stench.
Maybe we should wait.
You and Master Tang
are just putting up an act.
People at the District Bureau
will find out sooner or later.
Going back to the workroom
will buy us some time.
You have a point.
We'll be leaving tomorrow.
Sister,
Master Tang is a wise
and righteous officer.
But forging a seal
of the Imperial Spokesman...
could get him executed.
And he is playing along
with your plan.
Why would he do that?
Don't worry, he won't hurt me.
I am not worry about him.
I am worried you are blindly putting
your trust in him.
I don't trust him.
Just leave the kitchen,
I have food to make.
Fine, let me get you some water.
In case you burnt the place down.
One last meal before I leave.
Everyone,
since the day our workroom
was burnt down,
I've been living here
for almost a month.
And now, the workroom...
has been renovated.
I should go back.
In order to express my gratitude
for taking care of us,
I learned a few recipes
from the books...
so I could treat you to a meal.
Eat heartily.
I assure you these are unlike
anything you've seen before.
-Okay.
-Thank you, Preceptor.
Thank you, Preceptor.
You are going back?
My workroom is reopening tomorrow.
I don't want to delay any work.
Sir.
Preceptor Tan will be here every day
for her work.
You don't have to miss her so much.
Don't miss me too much.
Enjoy your meal.
This is my first attempt at cooking.
-Okay.
-I am digging in now.
Preceptor, what is this thing?
Zhao Xiao Liu.
I knew you are not very knowledgeable.
This is steamed cane toad.
It's delicious.
Preceptor.
Preceptor, is mine...
Your is a tonic.
A tonic.
-Tonic?
-Check it out.
It's an eyeball!
Preceptor, did you kill someone?
Li Da Wang.
It's a soup made with bull's eye,
pig's eye, fish's eye.
I went to several butchers
for these ingredients.
I even used some isatis roots
in the soup.
It cleanses your liver
and improve your sight.
Don't you have eye problems?
Now you can have "an eye for an eye".
Preceptor, I think my sight
is perfectly fine.
But my brain hurts.
I am going to pass out.
It's okay.
Everyone gets a surprise.
Yours...
This egg soup seems rather normal.
I got the inspiration
from Master Tang.
-How is it?
-Master Tang's fish soup...
left me wanting for more that day.
But the ingredients were
a little too simple.
So I used pig's brain...
to substitute the eggs.
Pig's brain. It's good for yours.
You should have some yourself.
Do you need some?
It's too greasy, I will pass.
You caught a cold at the riverside.
Have some tonic.
Never mind.
I think I am doing just fine.
-I am recovering very well.
-He is full of spirit.
No. The coldness
will reside in your body.
You need to get rid of them.
Have a guess.
What did I use for the cuisine
for Master Tang?
How should we know?
I bet you didn't know.
-What is it?
-Scorpion!
Well, Xiao Liu.
I remember you fell into the water.
I am giving you a chance
to have some tonic.
I made this specially for you.
-No.
-I insist you take this.
-Come on, take it.
-I made this for you!
-Sir!
-Drink this all you want.
He is just trying out the taste.
-Come on.
-Silence!
Let me finish it.
Finish your food or I'll make
these every day for you...
until you decided to finish them!
Let's eat!
-I'll eat it.
-Let's eat.
I am eating it now.
Eat heartily.
I can't take this anymore.
No one impresses me like you do.
I've only been away for a while,
and you managed to give
everyone here food poisoning?
I didn't know the recipes
are for these awful foods.
You cooked pig's brain for them?
I made sure to clean
the meat properly.
I should clean your mind properly.
Eating pig's brain will take a toll
on the male's potency.
When taken with wine,
it's a recipe to subdue the urges.
Are you sure about this?
Of course.
You are turning every man here
into woman like you.